[CI:DOCS] Add more documentation on conmon (#10134)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman-create.1.md

b
```

## CONMON

When Podman starts a container it actually executes the conmon program, which
then executes the OCI Runtime.  Conmon is the container monitor.  It is a small

> program who’s job is to watch the primary process of the container, and if the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
program whose job is to watch the primary process of the container, and if the
```

container dies, save the exit code.  It also holds open the tty of the
container, so that it can be attached to later. This is what allows Podman to
run in detached mode (backgrounded), so Podman can exit but conmon continues to
run.  Each container has their own instance of conmon. When Podman interacts

> with the container (stop, exec, restart ...), it is actually communicating with

Reviewer 2: Not true - we're communicating with the OCI runtime, which doesn't interact with Conmon at all. Conmon is really just sitting, waiting for an exit, while we deal directly with container PID1

Author: Give me better description then.

Author: Check it out now.

Reviewer 2: Works for me

b
```

## CONMON

When Podman starts a container it actually executes the conmon program, which
then executes the OCI Runtime.  Conmon is the container monitor.  It is a small
program whose job is to watch the primary process of the container, and if the
container dies, save the exit code.  It also holds open the tty of the
container, so that it can be attached to later. This is what allows Podman to
run in detached mode (backgrounded), so Podman can exit but conmon continues to
run.  Each container has their own instance of conmon. Conmon waits for the
container to exit, gathers and saves the exit code, and then launches a Podman
process to complete the container cleanup, by shutting down the network and

> storage.

Reviewer 3: Maybe?
```suggestion
storage.  For more information on common, please reference the common(8) man page.
```
Or something to that effect.

b
```

## CONMON

When Podman starts a container it actually executes the conmon program, which
then executes the OCI Runtime.  Conmon is the container monitor.  It is a small
program whose job is to watch the primary process of the container, and if the
container dies, save the exit code.  It also holds open the tty of the
container, so that it can be attached to later. This is what allows Podman to
run in detached mode (backgrounded), so Podman can exit but conmon continues to
run.  Each container has their own instance of conmon. Conmon waits for the
container to exit, gathers and saves the exit code, and then launches a Podman
process to complete the container cleanup, by shutting down the network and

> storage.   For more information on common, please reference the common(8) man

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
storage.   For more information on conmon, please reference the common(8) man
```

Author: I blame you for that, since I just cut and pased your previous message, at least I believe I did.
